the Spirit of the Lord God is upon me
the Spirit of the Lord God is upon me because the Lord has anointed me to
because the Lord has anointed me to
because the Lord has anointed me to preach good tidings to the poor he has
preach good tidings to the poor he has
preach good tidings to the poor he has sent me to heal the brokenhearted to
sent me to heal the brokenhearted to
sent me to heal the brokenhearted to proclaim Liberty to the captives and the
proclaim Liberty to the captives and the
proclaim Liberty to the captives and the opening of the prison to those who are
opening of the prison to those who are
opening of the prison to those who are bound to proclaim the acceptable year of
bound to proclaim the acceptable year of
bound to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord
the Lord
the Lord and the day of vengeance of our God to
and the day of vengeance of our God to
and the day of vengeance of our God to comfort all who mourn to console those
comfort all who mourn to console those
comfort all who mourn to console those who mourn in Zion to give them beauty
who mourn in Zion to give them beauty
who mourn in Zion to give them beauty for Ashes the oil of joy for mourning
for Ashes the oil of joy for mourning
for Ashes the oil of joy for mourning the garment of praise for the spirit of
the garment of praise for the spirit of
the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that they may be called trees
heaviness that they may be called trees
heaviness that they may be called trees of righteousness the planting of the
of righteousness the planting of the
of righteousness the planting of the Lord that he may be glorified and they
Lord that he may be glorified and they
Lord that he may be glorified and they shall rebuild the old ruins they shall
shall rebuild the old ruins they shall
shall rebuild the old ruins they shall raise up the former desolations and they
raise up the former desolations and they
raise up the former desolations and they shall repair the ruined cities the
shall repair the ruined cities the
shall repair the ruined cities the desolations of many generations
desolations of many generations
desolations of many generations strangers shall stand and feed your
strangers shall stand and feed your
strangers shall stand and feed your flocks and the sons of the foreigner
flocks and the sons of the foreigner
flocks and the sons of the foreigner shall be your Plowman and your vine
shall be your Plowman and your vine
shall be your Plowman and your vine dressers but you shall be named the
dressers but you shall be named the
dressers but you shall be named the priests of the Lord they shall call you
priests of the Lord they shall call you
priests of the Lord they shall call you the servants of our God you shall eat
the servants of our God you shall eat
the servants of our God you shall eat the riches of the Gentiles and in their
the riches of the Gentiles and in their
the riches of the Gentiles and in their glory
glory
glory you shall boast instead of your shame
you shall boast instead of your shame
you shall boast instead of your shame you shall have double honor and instead
you shall have double honor and instead
you shall have double honor and instead of confusion they shall rejoice in their
of confusion they shall rejoice in their
of confusion they shall rejoice in their portion therefore in their land they
portion therefore in their land they
portion therefore in their land they shall possess double everlasting joy
shall possess double everlasting joy
shall possess double everlasting joy shall be theirs for I the Lord love
shall be theirs for I the Lord love
shall be theirs for I the Lord love I hate robbery for burnt-offering I will
I hate robbery for burnt-offering I will
I hate robbery for burnt-offering I will direct their work in truth and will make
direct their work in truth and will make
direct their work in truth and will make with them an everlasting covenant their
with them an everlasting covenant their
with them an everlasting covenant their descendants shall be known among the
descendants shall be known among the
descendants shall be known among the Gentiles and their offspring among the
Gentiles and their offspring among the
Gentiles and their offspring among the people all who see them shall
people all who see them shall
people all who see them shall acknowledge them that they are the
acknowledge them that they are the
acknowledge them that they are the posterity whom the Lord has blessed I
posterity whom the Lord has blessed I
posterity whom the Lord has blessed I will greatly rejoice in the Lord my soul
will greatly rejoice in the Lord my soul
will greatly rejoice in the Lord my soul shall be joyful in my god for he has
shall be joyful in my god for he has
shall be joyful in my god for he has clothed me with the garments of
clothed me with the garments of
clothed me with the garments of salvation he has covered me with the
salvation he has covered me with the
salvation he has covered me with the robe of righteousness as a bridegroom
robe of righteousness as a bridegroom
robe of righteousness as a bridegroom decks himself with ornaments and as a
decks himself with ornaments and as a
decks himself with ornaments and as a bride adorns herself with her jewels for
bride adorns herself with her jewels for
bride adorns herself with her jewels for as the earth brings forth its bud as the
as the earth brings forth its bud as the
as the earth brings forth its bud as the garden causes the things that are sown
garden causes the things that are sown
garden causes the things that are sown in it to spring forth so the Lord God
in it to spring forth so the Lord God
in it to spring forth so the Lord God will cause righteousness and praise to
will cause righteousness and praise to
will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations